DOC Prepare for docs site (#339)
colymba/GridFieldBulkEditingTools: docs/en/index.md

---
title: GridField Bulk Editing Tools
summary: Provides tools to enhance GridField with bulk-editing, deleting, and uploading capabilities.
icon: tasks
---

# GridField bulk editing tools

> This module provides a set of tools to enhance the standard Silverstripe [`GridField`](api:SilverStripe\Forms\GridField\GridField) component, allowing for bulk actions on records. It simplifies managing large sets of data by adding functionalities that are not available in the core `GridField`, saving content editors time and effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides a set of tools to enhance [`GridField`](https://docs.silverstripe.org/en/developer_guides/forms/field_types/gridfield/#gridfield), allowing for bulk actions on records. It simplifies managing large sets of data by adding functionalities that are not available in the core `GridField`, saving content editors time and effort.
```
Usually API docs are right for this but in this case I think linking to the docs section is more appropriate

Author: Updated
